## Gaza's only power plant runs out of fuel – energy ministry

Gaza’s only power plant ran out of fuel Wednesday afternoon, forcing it to shut down after Israel cut off supplies, the energy ministry said.

That leaves only generators to power the territory – but they also run on fuel that is in short supply within Gaza.

```
加沙唯一的能源站用光了所有的燃料 -- 能源部

在以色列切断了所有支援通道后，加沙唯一的能源站在周三下午用光了所有的燃料，导致它被强制关闭，能源部如此说到。

只剩下发电机为这片领地供电了，但它们也需要使用加沙城内本就供应不全的燃料


---------------------
plant：植物、工厂
ministry：部门
leaves：剩下（left）
generators：发电机
power：供电
territory：领土
```





The **French Prime Minister Élisabeth Borne has told the Senate that 10 French people have been killed in the Israel attacks and 18 are missing,** including several children who have probably been taken hostage.

```
法国总理伊丽莎白 伯恩已告知参议院共有10名法国公民在以色列的袭击中丧生并有18名人员失踪。包括一些可能被挟持作为人质的儿童


----------------------
Prime Minister：总理
Senate：参议院
several：一些
hostage：人质
```





**Israel’s former defence minister Benny Gantz,** a key member of the opposition, has agreed to **join an emergency government**.

Benjamin Netanyahu has sought **expansion of the government to include politicians in the opposition**.

The idea of an **emergency national government** would be to unify a country with deep domestic political fractures during a crisis.

```
以色列前国防部长本尼.盖茨，作为反对派的核心成员已经同意加入紧急政府。
本杰明.纳塔尼亚胡寻求扩张政府以容纳反对派的政客。
成立紧急国家政府的目的是在危机期间维持对这样一个深度政治分裂的国家的统一。


------------
former：以前的
sought：寻求
expansion：扩张
unify：统一、联合
political fractures：政治分裂
crisis：危机
```



There are reports in Israeli media that **parts of the opposition will join the prime minister, Benjamin Netanyahu, in an emergency “unity government”**.

```
以色列媒体报导反对派的成员将会加入总理本杰明.内塔尼亚胡的紧急联合政府
```





The **US has discussed brokering an aid corridor for civilians in Gaza** as Israel’s air force continued to pound the territory.

The **US national security adviser, Jake Sullivan, said on Tuesday that talks on safe passage for civilians in Gaza were being held with Israel and Egypt**. “We are focused on this question. There are consultations going on. But the details of that are something that are being discussed among the operational agencies and I don’t want to share too much of that publicly at this time,” he said.

The US secretary of state, Antony Blinken, was due to arrive in Israel on Thursday to discuss support in the war.

There have been **pleas from humanitarian groups and EU officials for the creation of corridors to allow aid into Gaza** and warnings that hospitals overwhelmed with wounded people were running out of supplies.

```
在以色列继续空袭加沙时，美国已经讨论在加沙建立一条人道主义通道。
美国国家安全顾问杰克.沙利文在周四和以色列、埃及举行会谈，讨论在加沙建立人道主义通道。“我们正在就这个问题进行磋商，但是更多细节还在行动机构的讨论中因此我并不想在这个时间点向公众透露太多”他这样说到。
美国国务卿，安东尼.布林肯已经决定周四去往以色列讨论对战争的支持。
人道主义组织和欧盟办公室呼吁创建一条通道以援助加沙并且警告医院挤满了受伤的人已经不堪重负，而补给品马上就要消耗殆尽了。

--------
discussed：讨论
brokering：建立
aid：援助
corridor：走廊
civilians：平民
pound the territory：袭击领土
said on Tuesday：周四举行会谈
consultations：沟通
There are consultations going on：目前正在磋商
agencies：机构
pleas：请求
overwhelmed：不堪重负
wounded：受伤的
```





**Three Canadians have died in the violence in Israel and** **three more are missing**, the Canadian foreign minister, Melanie Joly, said on Wednesday.

Joly told a press conference that more than 4,700 Canadian citizens and permanent residents in Israel, Gaza and the West Bank had registered with the government. She did not say how many wanted to be evacuated.

```
加拿大外交部长梅兰妮.乔莉在周三宣称有三名加拿大公民在冲突中丧生，并有超过三名公民失踪。
乔莉举办了一个新闻发布会，她谈到有超过4700名加拿大公民或持有永久居住权的民众在以色列、加沙和约旦河西岸向政府进行了登记。她没有透露有多少人想要撤离这里。


----------
press conference：新闻发布会
residents：居民
evacuated：疏散
```





**France has expelled three foreign nationals for antisemitic acts or comments since the weekend, a government spokesman has confirmed.**

The interior minister, Gérald Darmanin, said on Wednesday that any non-national accused of antisemitic acts would have their resident permit cancelled and be immediately expelled.

Darmanin said there had been about 50 antisemitic acts recorded across France since the weekend, and 20 people had been arrested. The acts included people gathering in large numbers in front of synagogues shouting threats, drones with cameras entering school playgrounds, graffiti, verbal abuse and threatening letters.

```
一位政府发言人证实法国在周三已经驱逐了三名具有反犹行为或反犹言论的外国人。
法国内郑部长杰拉尔德·达尔马宁周三声称：任何非本国人员涉及反犹行为将会被取消居住许可证并立即驱逐出境。
达尔马宁表示自周三起法国大约有50起反犹行为记录，20名人员因此被逮捕。这些行为包括一大群人聚集在犹太教堂前高声威胁；携带带有相机的无人机进入学校操场，涂鸦、辱骂和威胁信。


------------
expelled：驱逐
antisemitic：反犹
non-national：非本国居民
accused of：涉及
gathering：聚集
synagogues：犹太教堂
drones：无人机
graffiti：涂鸦
verbal abuse：辱骂
```

